---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singularity_packages Data Source - terraform-provider-sentinelone-singularity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used for getting a list of packages based on filters.
      TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...
---

# singularity_packages (Data Source)

This data source can be used for getting a list of packages based on filters.

		TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) Defines the query filters to use when searching for packages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `packages` (Attributes List) List of matching packages that were found. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--packages))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `account_ids` (List of String) List of account IDs to filter by.
- `file_extension` (String) File extension (valid values: `.bsx`, `.deb`, `.exe`, `.gz`, `.img`, `.msi`, `.pkg`, `.rpm`, `.tar` `.xz`, `.zip`, `unknown`).
- `ids` (List of String) List of package IDs to filter by.
- `minor_version` (String) Minor version of the package.
- `os_arches` (List of String) Package OS architecture, applicable to Windows packages only (valid values: `32 bit`, `32/64 bit`, `64 bit`, `N/A`).
- `os_types` (List of String) Package OS type (valid values: `linux`, `linux_k8s`, `macos`, `sdk` `windows`, `windows_legacy`).
- `package_types` (List of String) Package type (valid values: `Agent`, `AgentAndRanger`, `Ranger`).
- `platform_types` (List of String) Package platform (valid values: `linux`, `linux_k8s`, `macos`, `sdk` `windows`, `windows_legacy`).
- `query` (String) A free-text search term, will match applicable attributes.
- `ranger_version` (String) Ranger version (eg: `2.5.1.1320`).
- `sha1` (String) Package hash (eg: `2fd4e1c67a2d28fced849ee1bb76e7391b93eb12`).
- `site_ids` (List of String) List of site IDs to filter by.
- `sort_by` (String) Field on which to sort results (valid values: `createdAt`, `fileExtension`, `fileName`, `fileSize`, `id`, `majorVersion`, `minorVersion`, `osType`, `packageType`, `platformType`, `rangerVersion`, `scopeLevel`, `sha1`, `status`, `updatedAt`, `version`).
- `sort_order` (String) Order in which to sort results (valid values: `asc`, `desc`).
- `status` (List of String) Package status (valid values: `beta`, `ea`, `ga`, `other`).
- `version` (String) Agent version (eg: `2.5.1.1320`).


<a id="nestedatt--packages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `packages`

Read-Only:

- `accounts` (Attributes List) List of accounts to which the package belongs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--packages--accounts))
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the package was created.
- `file_extension` (String) Extension of the package file.
- `file_name` (String) Name of the package file
- `file_size` (Number) Size of the package file.
- `id` (String) ID for the package.
- `link` (String) Link to the package file download.
- `major_version` (String) Major version of the package.
- `minor_version` (String) Minor version of the package.
- `os_arch` (String) Architecture of OS on which the package runs.
- `os_type` (String) Type of OS on which the package runs.
- `package_type` (String) The type of packagee.
- `platform_type` (String) Platform on which the package runs.
- `ranger_version` (String) Ranger version, if applicable.
- `scope_level` (String) Package scope.
- `sha1` (String) SHA1 hash of the package.
- `sites` (Attributes List) List of sites to which the package belongs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--packages--sites))
- `status` (String) Status of the package.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the package was last updated.
- `version` (String) Version of the package.

<a id="nestedatt--packages--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `packages.accounts`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the account.
- `name` (String) Name of the account.


<a id="nestedatt--packages--sites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `packages.sites`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the site.
- `name` (String) Name of the site.


