---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singularity_sites Data Source - terraform-provider-sentinelone-singularity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used for getting a list of sites based on filters.
      TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...
---

# singularity_sites (Data Source)

This data source can be used for getting a list of sites based on filters.

		TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) Defines the query filters to use when searching for sites. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `sites` (Attributes List) List of matching sites that were found. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `account_ids` (List of String) List of account IDs to filter by.
- `account_name_contains` (List of String) Free-text filter by account name.
- `active_licenses` (Number) Number of active licenses tied to the site.
- `admin_only` (Boolean) Only return sites the user has admin privileges to.
- `available_move_sites` (Boolean) Only return sites the user can move agents to.
- `created_at` (String) Site was created at the given timestamp (eg: 2023-01-01T00:00:00Z).
- `description` (String) Description of the site.
- `description_contains` (List of String) Free-text filter by description.
- `expiration` (String) Site expires at the given timestamp (eg: 2023-01-01T00:00:00Z).
- `external_id` (String) ID of site in external CRM system.
- `features` (List of String) Only return sites with the given features (valid values: `device-control`, `firewall-control`, `ioc`).
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether or not the site is the default site.
- `modules` (List of String) Only return sites licensed for the given modules (eg: `star`, `rso`).
- `name` (String) Name of the site.
- `name_contains` (List of String) Free-text filter by name.
- `query` (String) A free-text search term, will match applicable attributes.
- `registration_token` (String) The registration token for the site.
- `site_ids` (List of String) List of site IDs to filter by.
- `site_type` (String) Type of site (valid values: `trial`, `paid`).
- `sort_by` (String) Field on which to sort results (valid values: `accountName`, `activeLicenses`, `createdAt`, `description`, `expiration`, `id`, `name`, `siteType`, `state`, `totalLicenses`, `updatedAt`).
- `sort_order` (String) Order in which to sort results (valid values: `asc`, `desc`).
- `states` (List of String) State of the site (valid values: `active`, `deleted`, `expired`).
- `total_licenses` (Number) Total number of licenses associated with the site.
- `updated_at` (String) Site was updated at the given timestamp (eg: `2023-01-01T00:00:00Z`).


<a id="nestedatt--sites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) ID of account to which the site belongs.
- `account_name` (String) Name of account to which the site belongs.
- `active_licenses` (Number) Number of active licenses for the site.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the site was created.
- `creator` (String) Full name of the user who created the site.
- `creator_id` (String) ID of the user who created the site.
- `description` (String) User-defined description of the site.
- `expiration` (String) Date and time that the site expires.
- `external_id` (String) ID of CRM external system.
- `id` (String) ID of the site.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether or not the site is the default site.
- `licenses` (Attributes) List of licenses associated with the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites--licenses))
- `name` (String) Name of the site.
- `registration_token` (String) Registration token for the site.
- `site_type` (String) Type of site.
- `state` (String) State of site.
- `total_licenses` (Number) Number of licenses.
- `unlimited_expiration` (Boolean) Whether or not the site expires.
- `unlimited_licenses` (Boolean) Whether or not the site has unlimited licenses.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the site was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--sites--licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.licenses`

Read-Only:

- `bundles` (Attributes List) License bundles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites--licenses--bundles))
- `modules` (Attributes List) License add-ons. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites--licenses--modules))
- `settings` (Attributes List) License Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites--licenses--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--sites--licenses--bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.licenses.bundles`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Bundle display name.
- `major_version` (Number) Bundle major version.
- `minor_version` (Number) Bundle minor version.
- `name` (String) Bundle API name.
- `surfaces` (Attributes List) Surfaces in the bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites--licenses--bundles--surfaces))
- `total_surfaces` (Number) Total number of surfaces in the bundle or -1 for unlimited.

<a id="nestedatt--sites--licenses--bundles--surfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.licenses.bundles.total_surfaces`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Surface count or -1 for unlimited.
- `name` (String) Surface name.



<a id="nestedatt--sites--licenses--modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.licenses.modules`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Add-on display name.
- `major_version` (Number) Add-on major version.
- `name` (String) Add-on API name.


<a id="nestedatt--sites--licenses--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.licenses.settings`

Read-Only:

- `group_name` (String) Setting group name.
- `setting` (String) Setting display name.
- `setting_group_display_name` (String) Setting group display name.


