---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singularity_package Data Source - terraform-provider-sentinelone-singularity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source is used for getting details on a specific package.
---

# singularity_package (Data Source)

This data source is used for getting details on a specific package.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID for the package.

### Read-Only

- `accounts` (Attributes List) List of accounts to which the package belongs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--accounts))
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the package was created.
- `file_extension` (String) Extension of the package file.
- `file_name` (String) Name of the package file
- `file_size` (Number) Size of the package file.
- `link` (String) Link to the package file download.
- `major_version` (String) Major version of the package.
- `minor_version` (String) Minor version of the package.
- `os_arch` (String) Architecture of OS on which the package runs.
- `os_type` (String) Type of OS on which the package runs.
- `package_type` (String) The type of packagee.
- `platform_type` (String) Platform on which the package runs.
- `ranger_version` (String) Ranger version, if applicable.
- `scope_level` (String) Package scope.
- `sha1` (String) SHA1 hash of the package.
- `sites` (Attributes List) List of sites to which the package belongs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites))
- `status` (String) Status of the package.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the package was last updated.
- `version` (String) Version of the package.

<a id="nestedatt--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `accounts`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the account.
- `name` (String) Name of the account.


<a id="nestedatt--sites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the site.
- `name` (String) Name of the site.


