---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singularity_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-sentinelone-singularity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used for getting a list of groups based on filters.
      TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...
---

# singularity_groups (Data Source)

This data source can be used for getting a list of groups based on filters.

		TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) Defines the query filters to use when searching for groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `groups` (Attributes List) List of matching groups that were found. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `account_ids` (List of String) List of account IDs to filter by.
- `description` (String) Description of the group.
- `group_ids` (List of String) List of group IDs to filter by.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether or not the group is the default group.
- `name` (String) Name of the group.
- `query` (String) A free-text search term, will match applicable attributes.
- `rank` (Number) Priority of one dynamic group over another.
- `registration_token` (String) The registration token for the group.
- `site_ids` (List of String) List of site IDs to filter by.
- `sort_by` (String) Field on which to sort results (valid values: `createdAt`, `description`, `id`, `inherits`, `name`, `rank`, `type`, `updatedAt`).
- `sort_order` (String) Order in which to sort results (valid values: `asc`, `desc`).
- `types` (List of String) Group type (valid values: `dynamic`, `pinned`, `static`).
- `updated_after` (String) Group was updated after the given timestamp (eg: `2023-01-01T00:00:00Z`).
- `updated_at_or_after` (String) Group was updated at or after the given timestamp (eg: `2023-01-01T00:00:00Z`).
- `updated_at_or_before` (String) Group was updated at or before the given timestamp (eg: `2023-01-01T00:00:00Z`).
- `updated_before` (String) Group was updated before the given timestamp (eg: `2023-01-01T00:00:00Z`).


<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the group was created.
- `creator` (String) Full name of the user who created the group.
- `creator_id` (String) ID of the user who created the group.
- `description` (String) User-defined description of the group.
- `filter_id` (String) If the group is dynamic, the ID of the filter which is used to associate the agents.
- `filter_name` (String) If the group is dynamic, the name of the filter which is used to associate the agents.
- `id` (String) ID of the group.
- `inherits` (Boolean) Whether or not the group inherits policies from its parent site.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether or not the group is the default group for the parent site.
- `name` (String) Name of the group.
- `rank` (Number) Rank sets the priority of a dynamic group over others.
- `registration_token` (String) Registration token for the group.
- `site_id` (String) ID of site to which the group belongs.
- `total_agents` (Number) Total number of agents in the group.
- `type` (String) Type of group (eg: `dynamic`, `pinned`, `static`)
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the group was last updated.


