---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singularity_site Data Source - terraform-provider-sentinelone-singularity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source is used for getting details on a specific site.
---

# singularity_site (Data Source)

This data source is used for getting details on a specific site.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the site.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of account to which the site belongs.
- `account_name` (String) Name of account to which the site belongs.
- `active_licenses` (Number) Number of active licenses for the site.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the site was created.
- `creator` (String) Full name of the user who created the site.
- `creator_id` (String) ID of the user who created the site.
- `description` (String) User-defined description of the site.
- `expiration` (String) Date and time that the site expires.
- `external_id` (String) ID of CRM external system.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether or not the site is the default site.
- `licenses` (Attributes) List of licenses associated with the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licenses))
- `name` (String) Name of the site.
- `registration_token` (String) Registration token for the site.
- `site_type` (String) Type of site.
- `state` (String) State of site.
- `total_licenses` (Number) Number of licenses.
- `unlimited_expiration` (Boolean) Whether or not the site expires.
- `unlimited_licenses` (Boolean) Whether or not the site has unlimited licenses.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the site was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licenses`

Read-Only:

- `bundles` (Attributes List) License bundles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licenses--bundles))
- `modules` (Attributes List) License add-ons. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licenses--modules))
- `settings` (Attributes List) License Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licenses--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--licenses--bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licenses.bundles`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Bundle display name.
- `major_version` (Number) Bundle major version.
- `minor_version` (Number) Bundle minor version.
- `name` (String) Bundle API name.
- `surfaces` (Attributes List) Surfaces in the bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licenses--bundles--surfaces))
- `total_surfaces` (Number) Total number of surfaces in the bundle or -1 for unlimited.

<a id="nestedatt--licenses--bundles--surfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licenses.bundles.surfaces`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Surface count or -1 for unlimited.
- `name` (String) Surface name.



<a id="nestedatt--licenses--modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licenses.modules`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Add-on display name.
- `major_version` (Number) Add-on major version.
- `name` (String) Add-on API name.


<a id="nestedatt--licenses--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licenses.settings`

Read-Only:

- `group_name` (String) Setting group name.
- `setting` (String) Setting display name.
- `setting_group_display_name` (String) Setting group display name.


