---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singularity_package_download Resource - terraform-provider-sentinelone-singularity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  resource is used for downloading an update/agent package from the server and saving it
              locally.
      TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...
---

# singularity_package_download (Resource)

resource is used for downloading an update/agent package from the server and saving it 
			locally.

		TODO: add more of a description on how to use this data source...



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `package_id` (String) The ID of the package to download.
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the site in which the package can be found.

### Optional

- `directory_mode` (String) The permissions to set on any folders created when saving the file. Changing this value has no effect on existing folders. [Default: 0755]
- `file_mode` (String) The permissions to set on the file once it has been downloaded. [Default: 0644]
- `local_filename` (String) Rename the downloaded package file using this name instead of keeping the original package file name. [Default: name of the original package file from the server]
- `local_folder` (String) The full path to the folder in which to store the downloaded package. Use absolute paths when possible. Relative paths will be based on the working directory when the Terrform plan is applied. [Default: the current working directory]
- `overwrite_existing_file` (Boolean) Whether or not to overwrite any existing file with the same name in the same folder. [Default: true]

### Read-Only

- `file_size` (Number) The size of the package file that was downloaded.
- `sha1` (String) The SHA1 checksum of the package file that was downloaded.


